hello everybody today we have an old
antiquated showerhead we're going to
swap it out for something new and
convenient and something handheld now we
may be able to remove the showerhead
just by hand and it's loose enough to do
so now maybe you won't be so lucky as to
be able to remove it by hand and these
two tools will help you accomplish that
task
these are pipe wrenches so you want to
put one pipe wrench on the pipe that you
don't intend on unscrewing now this
piece that's the piece that needs to be
unscrewed so we're going to put another
pipe wrench there now one pipe is
stationary but the pipe with a smaller
pipe wrench that's the one you want to
turn now I remove the old fixture and if
you come in closely I'm going to show
you what we need to wrap that pipe with
before we put the new fixture on come on
it close this is teflon tape and you
need to wrap a little teflon tape around
the threads let me show you how
that's it now you want to make certain
that the teflon tape is tight and secure
you don't want teflon tape that is
loose-fitting there are two pieces that
come with the handheld unit the
showerhead holder and then the
showerhead and so first we're going to
attach the holder now i've already
applied teflon tape to the holder itself
and now i'm going to attach it you
continue to turn now it has a little
plastic ring and it's the ring that
turns and you should turn it into you
can no longer turn it by hand that's
secure so now I'm going to attach the
showerhead itself for the handheld part
of it and it's similar to beholder line
it up make certain that you don't cross
thread and tighten it that's pretty
tight so that's it it's attached I'm
gonna put it on here okay now it's time
to just test a new fixture
so we just got finished installing a new
handheld shower fixture the unit itself
cost thirty nine ninety five and when we
installed it ourselves we saved a
hundred and fifty dollars so this is
Leah saying see you next time and
remember you can do this
you